W-14094688-mule-dx-server-issue-duke (#175)
mulesoft/docs-code-builder: modules/ROOT/pages/troubleshoot-loading-issues.adoc

= Loading Issues

include::reuse::partial$beta-banner.adoc[tag="anypoint-code-builder"]

//LOGO (web, desktop, or both)
include::partial$acb-ide-logos.adoc[tags="both-ides"]

[[mule-dx]]
== Mule DX API Component was not installed

If you receive the error *Mule DX API Component was not installed*, wait for background Anypoint Code Builder processes to complete. 

This issue typically occurs when you run *Design an API* and is often accompanied by the notification *Extracting Mule runtime: This operation may take a while...*.

> You can monitor the progress of backend processes:

Author: ```suggestion
To monitor the progress of backend processes:
```

> . Press Cmd+Shift+ (Mac) or Ctrl+Shift+u (Windows) to open Output panel.

Author: ```suggestion
. Open the Output panel by pressing Cmd+Shift+ (Mac) or Ctrl+Shift+u (Windows).
```
